Maze 3D II
(c) 2006 Kevin Harness <deep42thought42@yahoo.com>

DESCRIPTION:

Maze 3D II places the user in a 3D labyrinth,
and the user seeks a goal hidden within the maze.

REQUIREMENTS:

TI-38+
ION-compatible shell, e.g. MirageOS

KEYS:

left, right:           turn
up, down:              move forward, back
[VARS],[CLEAR]         sidestep
[MODE]                 quit
[ENTER]                follow right wall

STRATEGIC NOTES:

The goal is a floating smily face.
You start in the northwest corner of the maze.
The goal is at the southeast corner of the maze.
Use the compass in the lower left corner to navigate.
Sometimes you will see a map of the maze on a wall.
You show up as a flickering dot on the map.

MEMORY USAGE NOTES:

In addition to the space it occupies on your calculator,
Maze 3D II requires about 1500 bytes of free ram
when it runs.  If there is insufficent memory, the
program will terminate with an error message.
Also, there must not be any variable or program on
your calculator with the name "MACHMEM".

MAZE 3D II, Evil Edition:

This edition (`mazeevil.8xp') was accidentally tainted
with evil.  A nightmarish creature lurks its halls,
seeking fresh souls at every left turn.  Enter at your
own risk.

BUGS:

If you find a bug, and you can fix it, send me your fix.
If you cannot fix it, at least let me know about it.
Please include as much information about it as you can
in your bug report:
1. Describe the bug's behavior as completely as possible
2. Describe how to reproduce the bug
   If I can't reproduce a bug, I can't fix it.
3. If possible, indicate where the bug is in the code.
Send all bug reports to deep42thought42@yahoo.com

LICENSE:

Maze 3D II and all the utilities written by Kevin Harness
used in building it are released under the GPL.
See the file "COPYING" for details.

DEVELOPERS:

The Mach3D engine, developed for use in Maze 3D II,
is designed to be easily reusable.
See the file "src/mach3D/README" for more information
about writing programs that use the Mach3D engine.


